>> Steve Kinney: Here, we have
the breadboard and we've got our LED.
And we're gonna grab any two jumper wires,
which are these small wires.
I have a few different ones that
might look different than yours.
Mostly, I have some big ones and
some small ones because as we get
to the more complicated circuits,
if I have a giant wire,
it's gonna be very hard for you to see.
So I also have some smaller wires as well.
So the colors don't necessarily matter,
but for your own sanity,
I usually use black or the darkest
color that I can find very quickly for
like a ground wire and something bright,
like a red preferably,
or in this case orange, for the ones
that actually have power going to it.
The colors don't actually affect
the copper that is inside that wire.
But it is usually easier
to keep track of that way.
So what I will do is I will take.
>> Steve Kinney: Into
this very first port,
like in the diagram earlier.
Which that diagram is in the repo, in
that folder, if you need to refer to it.
Especially as we get to some of
the more complicated circuits.
And I'm gonna move that over to pin five.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool and then I'm going
to take the second one,
put it in the two row.
And I'm gonna put that to the ground.
>> Steve Kinney: Finally,
I'm gonna take my LED,
I'm gonna put it into the breadboard
with the long end in that very first,
row and column is hard,
depending on how you rotate
the breadboard, I guess.
But in the one and I'll take
the short end and I'll put it in two.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool,
that should be my first
circuit with the breadboard.